THAT IS "ALL IN" FOR THIS EVENING.
EVENING. "THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW" STARTS
"THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW" STARTS NOW.
NOW. >> THANK YOU, CHRIS.
>> THANK YOU, CHRIS. >> THANKS TO YOU AT HOME FOR
>> THANKS TO YOU AT HOME FOR JOINING THUS HOUR.
JOINING THUS HOUR. >>> A FEW MONTHS AGO IN THE
>>> A FEW MONTHS AGO IN THE SUMMER OF 2018, A GUY YOU
SUMMER OF 2018, A GUY YOU PROBABLY NEVER HEARD OF GOT A
PROBABLY NEVER HEARD OF GOT A SUBPOENA.
SUBPOENA. HIS NAME IS ANDREW MILLER.
HIS NAME IS ANDREW MILLER. HE’S NOT A FAMOUS PERSON.
HE’S NOT A FAMOUS PERSON. FOR A TIME HE WORKED FOR ROGER
FOR A TIME HE WORKED FOR ROGER STONE.
STONE. AND BECAUSE OF THAT AFFILIATION
AND BECAUSE OF THAT AFFILIATION WITH ROGER STONE ANDREW MILLER,
WITH ROGER STONE ANDREW MILLER, LAST YEAR, GOT A SUBPOENA.
LAST YEAR, GOT A SUBPOENA. HE WAS SUBPOENAED TO HAND OVER
HE WAS SUBPOENAED TO HAND OVER DOCUMENTS AND COMMUNICATIONS
DOCUMENTS AND COMMUNICATIONS THAT HE HAD RELATED TO ROGER
THAT HE HAD RELATED TO ROGER STONE.
STONE. ROGER STONE AND WIKILEAKS AND
ROGER STONE AND WIKILEAKS AND STOLEN FROM THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
STOLEN FROM THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY AND THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN BY
AND THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN BY RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT HACKERS.
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT HACKERS. ANDREW MILLER COMPILED WITH THAT
ANDREW MILLER COMPILED WITH THAT REQUEST FOR DOCUMENTS AND
REQUEST FOR DOCUMENTS AND COMMUNICATIONS.
COMMUNICATIONS. HE DID HAND STUFF OVER TO THE
HE DID HAND STUFF OVER TO THE FBI, BUT WHEN HE WAS ALSO
FBI, BUT WHEN HE WAS ALSO SUBPOENAED TO TESTIFY ABOUT
SUBPOENAED TO TESTIFY ABOUT THOSE SAME MATTERS, TO COME TO
THOSE SAME MATTERS, TO COME TO WASHINGTON D.C. AND TESTIFY IN
WASHINGTON D.C. AND TESTIFY IN PERSON TO THE GRAND JURY
PERSON TO THE GRAND JURY CONVENED BY THE SPECIAL COUNSEL,
CONVENED BY THE SPECIAL COUNSEL, TO THAT SUBPOENA, ANDREW MILLER
TO THAT SUBPOENA, ANDREW MILLER SAID NO.
SAID NO. AND THE REASON ANYBODY HAS PAID
AND THE REASON ANYBODY HAS PAID ANY ATTENTION TO ANDREW MILLER’S
ANY ATTENTION TO ANDREW MILLER’S CASE SINCE THEN IS BECAUSE HIS
CASE SINCE THEN IS BECAUSE HIS NO, HIS REFUSAL TO TESTIFY TO
NO, HIS REFUSAL TO TESTIFY TO THE GRAND JURY, THAT HAS BECOME
THE GRAND JURY, THAT HAS BECOME A LEGAL VEHICLE FOR CONSERVATIVE
A LEGAL VEHICLE FOR CONSERVATIVE LEGAL GROUPS WHO ARE USING MR.
LEGAL GROUPS WHO ARE USING MR. MILLER’S CASE AS A WAY TO TRY TO
MILLER’S CASE AS A WAY TO TRY TO ATTACK AND DERAIL THE SPECIAL
ATTACK AND DERAIL THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION OVERALL.
COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION OVERALL. ANDREW MILLER SAYING NO TO THAT
ANDREW MILLER SAYING NO TO THAT SUBPOENA, HIM SUBSEQUENTLY BEING
SUBPOENA, HIM SUBSEQUENTLY BEING HELD IN CONTEMPT OF COURT, HIM
HELD IN CONTEMPT OF COURT, HIM RISKING JAIL TIME FOR REFUSING
RISKING JAIL TIME FOR REFUSING TO TESTIFY TO THE GRAND JURY,
TO TESTIFY TO THE GRAND JURY, THAT IS THE WAY SOME
THAT IS THE WAY SOME CONSERVATIVE LEGAL GROUPS ARE
CONSERVATIVE LEGAL GROUPS ARE TRYING TO CHALLENGE THE
TRYING TO CHALLENGE THE CONSTITUTIONALITY OF MUELLER’S
CONSTITUTIONALITY OF MUELLER’S INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. HIS CASE IS THE WAY SPECIFICALLY
HIS CASE IS THE WAY SPECIFICALLY THEY ARE TRYING TO GET THE
THEY ARE TRYING TO GET THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION BEFORE THE
MUELLER INVESTIGATION BEFORE THE U.S. SUPREME COURT BECAUSE THEY
U.S. SUPREME COURT BECAUSE THEY HOPE THEY HAVE A CHANCE OF NULL
HOPE THEY HAVE A CHANCE OF NULL FLYINGIE
FLYINGIE -- NULLIFYING THE RUSSIA
-- NULLIFYING THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. THEY HOPE TO GET THE APPOINTMENT
THEY HOPE TO GET THE APPOINTMENT THROWN OUT AND THE QUESTIONS
THROWN OUT AND THE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE APPOINTMENT OF ROBERT
ABOUT THE APPOINTMENT OF ROBERT MUELLERMILLER’S
MUELLERMILLER’S LITTLE CASE AND THAT’S WHY
LITTLE CASE AND THAT’S WHY ANYBODY IS INTERESTED AT ALL IN
ANYBODY IS INTERESTED AT ALL IN THIS ONE OFFSHOOT OF THE RUSSIA
THIS ONE OFFSHOOT OF THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION AND SPECIAL
INVESTIGATION AND SPECIAL COUNSEL’S WORK.
COUNSEL’S WORK. THIS PART AGAIN THAT RELATES TO
THIS PART AGAIN THAT RELATES TO A GUY YOU NEVER HEARD OF CALLED
A GUY YOU NEVER HEARD OF CALLED ANDREW MILLER, AND HIS ROLE, THE
ANDREW MILLER, AND HIS ROLE, THE FACT HIS CASE WAS BEING USED AS
FACT HIS CASE WAS BEING USED AS A VEHICLE TO CHALLENGE THE
A VEHICLE TO CHALLENGE THE CONSTITUTIONALITY OF THE OFFICE
CONSTITUTIONALITY OF THE OFFICE WAS THE ONLY REASON TO BE
WAS THE ONLY REASON TO BE INTERESTED IN HIS PART OF THE
INTERESTED IN HIS PART OF THE CASE AT ALL UNTIL NOW.
CASE AT ALL UNTIL NOW. AS YOU KNOW, PRESIDENT TRUMP’S
AS YOU KNOW, PRESIDENT TRUMP’S LONG-TIME FRIEND AND LONG-TIME
LONG-TIME FRIEND AND LONG-TIME POLITICAL ADVISOR ROGER STONE
POLITICAL ADVISOR ROGER STONE WAS INDICTED A FEW DAYS AGO.
WAS INDICTED A FEW DAYS AGO. MR. STONE WAS ARRESTED IN SOUTH
MR. STONE WAS ARRESTED IN SOUTH FLORIDA AT HIS HOME.
FLORIDA AT HIS HOME. HE HAD HIS FIRST COURT
HE HAD HIS FIRST COURT APPEARANCE IN FEDERAL COURT ON
APPEARANCE IN FEDERAL COURT ON FRIDAY BUT MR. STONE IS BEING
FRIDAY BUT MR. STONE IS BEING CHARGED IN FEDERAL COURT IN
CHARGED IN FEDERAL COURT IN WASHINGTON D.C. AND SO TODAY WAS
WASHINGTON D.C. AND SO TODAY WAS THE DAY HE WAS ACTUALLY
THE DAY HE WAS ACTUALLY ARRAIGNED ON THESE SEVEN FELONY
ARRAIGNED ON THESE SEVEN FELONY CHARGES HE’S FACING AND HE WAS
CHARGES HE’S FACING AND HE WAS ARRAIGNED IN THE COURT WHERE HE
ARRAIGNED IN THE COURT WHERE HE WILL GO ON TRIAL IN D.C.
WILL GO ON TRIAL IN D.C. AS A LEGAL MATTER, LONGER
AS A LEGAL MATTER, LONGER STONE’S ARRAIGNMENT TODAY WAS
STONE’S ARRAIGNMENT TODAY WAS STRAIGHTFORWARD TODAY.
STRAIGHTFORWARD TODAY. IT WAS FORMAL.
IT WAS FORMAL. THERE WAS A COMEDY OF ERRORS
THERE WAS A COMEDY OF ERRORS AROUND HIS LEGAL COUNSEL.
AROUND HIS LEGAL COUNSEL. NEITHER THE LAWYERS REPRESENTING
NEITHER THE LAWYERS REPRESENTING HIM ARE ADMITTED TO THE BAR IN
HIM ARE ADMITTED TO THE BAR IN WASHINGTON D.C. AND DIDN’T
WASHINGTON D.C. AND DIDN’T SUBMIT THE PROPER PAPERWORK TO
SUBMIT THE PROPER PAPERWORK TO THE COURTS SO THAT THEY COULD
THE COURTS SO THAT THEY COULD LEGALLY REPRESENT ROGER STONE AT
LEGALLY REPRESENT ROGER STONE AT THIS ARRAIGNMENT TODAY.
THIS ARRAIGNMENT TODAY. WE LEARNED ABOUT THAT WHEN THE
WE LEARNED ABOUT THAT WHEN THE COURT DINGED THEM FOR IT
COURT DINGED THEM FOR IT YESTERDAY AND SAID HEY, YOU NEED
YESTERDAY AND SAID HEY, YOU NEED TO GET YOUR PAPERWORK IN.
TO GET YOUR PAPERWORK IN. THEY SCREWED THAT UP WITH THE
THEY SCREWED THAT UP WITH THE COURT A COUPLE DIFFERENT WAYS
COURT A COUPLE DIFFERENT WAYS YESTERDAY ON THE EVE OF THE
YESTERDAY ON THE EVE OF THE ARRAIGNMENT.
ARRAIGNMENT. THEN THIS MORNING, THEY BLEW
THEN THIS MORNING, THEY BLEW THROUGH THE COURT IMPOSED
THROUGH THE COURT IMPOSED DEADLINE.
DEADLINE. THEY WERE AN HOUR AND A HALF
THEY WERE AN HOUR AND A HALF LATE AND FINALLY SUBMITTING
LATE AND FINALLY SUBMITTING THEIR PAPERWORK TO THE COURT,
THEIR PAPERWORK TO THE COURT, WHICH WOULD ALLOW THEM TO
WHICH WOULD ALLOW THEM TO REPRESENT THEIR CLIENT.
REPRESENT THEIR CLIENT. IT IS NOT A GREAT BEGINNING FOR
IT IS NOT A GREAT BEGINNING FOR ROGER STONE’S LEGAL TEAM IN
ROGER STONE’S LEGAL TEAM IN TERMS OF THE WAY THEY ARE
TERMS OF THE WAY THEY ARE SCREWING UP THE BASIC QUESTION
SCREWING UP THE BASIC QUESTION OF WHETHER THEY ARE ALLOWED TO
OF WHETHER THEY ARE ALLOWED TO REPRESENT HIM JUST GETTING THE
REPRESENT HIM JUST GETTING THE BASIC PAPERWORK IN.
BASIC PAPERWORK IN. WHEN IT CAME TO THE ACTUAL
WHEN IT CAME TO THE ACTUAL ARRAIGNMENT TODAY, IT WAS
ARRAIGNMENT TODAY, IT WAS STRAIGHTFORWARD.
STRAIGHTFORWARD. THEY WAIVED THE ACTUAL READING
THEY WAIVED THE ACTUAL READING OF THE INDICTMENT.
OF THE INDICTMENT. THE PROSECUTION SIDE OF THE ISLE
THE PROSECUTION SIDE OF THE ISLE INCLUDED BOTH ATTORNEYS FROM THE
INCLUDED BOTH ATTORNEYS FROM THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE IN D.C.
U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE IN D.C. AND ATTORNEYS FROM ROBERT
AND ATTORNEYS FROM ROBERT MUELLER’S OFFICE, THE SPECIAL
MUELLER’S OFFICE, THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE.
COUNSEL’S OFFICE. ONE OF THE PROS KAU TORSE PROSEC
ONE OF THE PROS KAU TORSE PROSEC MUELLER’S TEAM AND THE D.C. U.S.
MUELLER’S TEAM AND THE D.C. U.S. ATTORNEY WILL BE JOINTLY TRYING
ATTORNEY WILL BE JOINTLY TRYING THIS CASE AGAINST ROGER STONE.
THIS CASE AGAINST ROGER STONE. SO THAT WAS INTERESTING.
SO THAT WAS INTERESTING. THAT WAS A MOST INTERESTING
THAT WAS A MOST INTERESTING THING THAT HAPPENED TODAY IN
THING THAT HAPPENED TODAY IN COURT.
COURT. ON THE DEFENSE SIDE, ROGER
ON THE DEFENSE SIDE, ROGER STONE’S DEFENSE LAWYERS ENTERED
STONE’S DEFENSE LAWYERS ENTERED A PLEA OF NOT GUILTY ON HIS
A PLEA OF NOT GUILTY ON HIS BEHALF TO THE SEVEN FELONY
BEHALF TO THE SEVEN FELONY CHARGES UNLESS THAT CHANGES,
CHARGES UNLESS THAT CHANGES, THAT WILL MEAN THAT WE SHOULD
THAT WILL MEAN THAT WE SHOULD EXPECT THERE WILL BE A CRIMINAL
EXPECT THERE WILL BE A CRIMINAL TRIAL FOR ROGER STONE ON THE
TRIAL FOR ROGER STONE ON THE SEVEN FELONY TRIALS, SEVEN
SEVEN FELONY TRIALS, SEVEN FELONY CHARGES.
FELONY CHARGES. WE DON’T KNOW WHEN EXACTLY THAT
WE DON’T KNOW WHEN EXACTLY THAT WOULD HAPPEN IF HIS CASE DOES IN
WOULD HAPPEN IF HIS CASE DOES IN FACT PROCEED TO TRIAL.
FACT PROCEED TO TRIAL. WE DO KNOW THAT ROGER STONE WILL
WE DO KNOW THAT ROGER STONE WILL BE BACK IN COURT AGAIN ON FRIDAY
BE BACK IN COURT AGAIN ON FRIDAY OF THIS WEEK FOR WHAT THEY CALL
OF THIS WEEK FOR WHAT THEY CALL A STATUS HEARING.
A STATUS HEARING. SO ALL OF THAT SORT OF PRECEDED
SO ALL OF THAT SORT OF PRECEDED THE WAY IT SHOULD HAVE TODAY.
THE WAY IT SHOULD HAVE TODAY. IT WAS FAIRLY FORMAL.
IT WAS FAIRLY FORMAL. BUT HERE IS THIS GREAT DETAIL
BUT HERE IS THIS GREAT DETAIL ABOUT ANDREW MILLER.
ABOUT ANDREW MILLER. THIS OTHERWISE OBSCURE FIGURE IN
THIS OTHERWISE OBSCURE FIGURE IN THIS LITTLE PART OF THE RUSSIA
THIS LITTLE PART OF THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION WE HAVEN’T BEEN
INVESTIGATION WE HAVEN’T BEEN PAYING TOO MUCH ATTENTION TO UP
PAYING TOO MUCH ATTENTION TO UP UNTIL THIS POINT AND I WANT TO
UNTIL THIS POINT AND I WANT TO CREDIT TWO CNN REPORTERS FOR
CREDIT TWO CNN REPORTERS FOR THIS.
THIS. THEY RECOGNIZED THIS THREAD AND
THEY RECOGNIZED THIS THREAD AND PULLED ON IT WITH ANDREW
PULLED ON IT WITH ANDREW MILLER’S DEFENSE LAWYER.
MILLER’S DEFENSE LAWYER. BECAUSE IT TURNS OUT UNDER
BECAUSE IT TURNS OUT UNDER JUSTICE DEPARTMENT RULES, ONCE A
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT RULES, ONCE A GRAND JURY HAS INDICTED
GRAND JURY HAS INDICTED SOMEBODY, THAT GRAND JURY IS NOT
SOMEBODY, THAT GRAND JURY IS NOT ALLOWED TO KEEP COLLECTING MORE
ALLOWED TO KEEP COLLECTING MORE EVIDENCE RANDOMLY ABOUT THAT
EVIDENCE RANDOMLY ABOUT THAT PERSON WHO THEY BROUGHT AN
PERSON WHO THEY BROUGHT AN INDICTMENT AGAINST.
INDICTMENT AGAINST. THE GRAND JURY SERVES A SPECIFIC
THE GRAND JURY SERVES A SPECIFIC PURPOSE.
PURPOSE. PROSECUTORS GIVE EVIDENCE AND
PROSECUTORS GIVE EVIDENCE AND WITNESS TESTIMONY TO A GRAND
WITNESS TESTIMONY TO A GRAND JURY.
JURY. THE GRAND JURY DELIBERATES ON
THE GRAND JURY DELIBERATES ON THAT EVIDENCE AND DECIDES
THAT EVIDENCE AND DECIDES WHETHER OR NOT THAT EVIDENCE IS
WHETHER OR NOT THAT EVIDENCE IS ENOUGH TO BRING CHARGES AGAINST
ENOUGH TO BRING CHARGES AGAINST SOMEONE TO BRING AN INDICTMENT
SOMEONE TO BRING AN INDICTMENT AGAINST A DEFENDANT.
AGAINST A DEFENDANT. BUT THEN THAT’S IT.
BUT THEN THAT’S IT. I MEAN, ONCE THAT IS DONE, ONCE
I MEAN, ONCE THAT IS DONE, ONCE AN INDICTMENT IS BROUGHT ON THE
AN INDICTMENT IS BROUGHT ON THE SAY SO OF THE GRAND JURY, THE
SAY SO OF THE GRAND JURY, THE GRAND JURY’S ROLE IS OVER WHEN
GRAND JURY’S ROLE IS OVER WHEN IT COMES TO THAT DEFENDANT.
IT COMES TO THAT DEFENDANT. THAT’S THE WAY IT WORKS IN TERMS
THAT’S THE WAY IT WORKS IN TERMS OF HOW GRAND JURIES GET USED.
OF HOW GRAND JURIES GET USED. IN THE CASE OF ROGER STONE, THE
IN THE CASE OF ROGER STONE, THE INDICTMENT THAT WAS UNSEALED
INDICTMENT THAT WAS UNSEALED LAST WEEK THAT RESULTED IN HIM
LAST WEEK THAT RESULTED IN HIM GETTING ARRESTED THAT RESULTED
GETTING ARRESTED THAT RESULTED IN HIM GETTING ARRAIGNED TODAY,
IN HIM GETTING ARRAIGNED TODAY, THE INDICTMENT AGAINST ROGER
THE INDICTMENT AGAINST ROGER STONE WAS APPROVED BY A GRAND
STONE WAS APPROVED BY A GRAND JURY AND ONCE THE GRAND JURY
JURY AND ONCE THE GRAND JURY SIGNED OFF, THAT GRAND JURY
SIGNED OFF, THAT GRAND JURY SHOULD BE DONE WITH ANYTHING
SHOULD BE DONE WITH ANYTHING HAVING TO DO WITH RONLER ERRONL
HAVING TO DO WITH RONLER ERRONL STONE.
STONE. GRAND JURIES ARE A TOOL
GRAND JURIES ARE A TOOL PROSECUTORS USE FOR A SPECIFIC
PROSECUTORS USE FOR A SPECIFIC THING.
THING. THEY EVALUATE EVIDENCE AND
THEY EVALUATE EVIDENCE AND TESTIMONY AND DECIDE WHETHER OR
TESTIMONY AND DECIDE WHETHER OR NOT IT ADDS UP TO ENOUGH TO
NOT IT ADDS UP TO ENOUGH TO JUSTIFY AN INDICTMENT.
JUSTIFY AN INDICTMENT. AFTER THE INDICTMENT AGAINST A
AFTER THE INDICTMENT AGAINST A DEFENDANT, THERE IS NO REASON
DEFENDANT, THERE IS NO REASON FOR THE GRAND JURY TO HEAR
FOR THE GRAND JURY TO HEAR ANYTHING ELSE RELATED TO THAT
ANYTHING ELSE RELATED TO THAT DEFENDANT.
DEFENDANT. AND HERE IS THE REALLY
AND HERE IS THE REALLY INTERESTING PART.
INTERESTING PART. REMEMBER, THIS GUY ANDREW
REMEMBER, THIS GUY ANDREW MILLER, THIS SORT OF OBSCURE GUY
MILLER, THIS SORT OF OBSCURE GUY WHO IS FIGHTING THIS SUBPOENA,
WHO IS FIGHTING THIS SUBPOENA, WHAT HE WAS ASKED ABOUT, WHAT
WHAT HE WAS ASKED ABOUT, WHAT HIS SUBPOENA IS ABOUT IS
HIS SUBPOENA IS ABOUT IS INFORMATION THAT MR. MILLER A
INFORMATION THAT MR. MILLER A ALLEGEDLY HAD THAT PERTAINS TO
ALLEGEDLY HAD THAT PERTAINS TO ROGER STONE AND ROGER STONE’S
ROGER STONE AND ROGER STONE’S CONTACT WITH WIKILEAKS AND THE
CONTACT WITH WIKILEAKS AND THE INFORMATION THE RUSSIAN
INFORMATION THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT STOLE FROM THE
GOVERNMENT STOLE FROM THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY AND CLINTON
DEMOCRATIC PARTY AND CLINTON CAMPAIGN DURING THE ELECTION OF
CAMPAIGN DURING THE ELECTION OF 2016.
2016. THAT’S WHAT HE WAS SUBPOENAED
THAT’S WHAT HE WAS SUBPOENAED ABOUT.
ABOUT. ALL OF THAT STUFF WAS IN THE
ALL OF THAT STUFF WAS IN THE ROGER STONE INDICTMENT, RIGHT?
ROGER STONE INDICTMENT, RIGHT? ROGER STONE IS CHARGED WITH
ROGER STONE IS CHARGED WITH SEVEN FELONY COUNTS FOR LYING TO
SEVEN FELONY COUNTS FOR LYING TO CONGRESS ABOUT HIS CONTACT WITH
CONGRESS ABOUT HIS CONTACT WITH WIKILEAKS AND FOR TRYING TO
WIKILEAKS AND FOR TRYING TO PERSUADE ANOTHER WITNESS TO LIE
PERSUADE ANOTHER WITNESS TO LIE TO CONGRESS OR TO NOT TESTIFY TO
TO CONGRESS OR TO NOT TESTIFY TO CONGRESS ON THESE SAME ISSUES,
CONGRESS ON THESE SAME ISSUES, PERTAINING TO WIKILEAKS
PERTAINING TO WIKILEAKS TRAFFICKING THE INFORMATION THAT
TRAFFICKING THE INFORMATION THAT RUSSIA STOLE FROM THE DEMOCRATS
RUSSIA STOLE FROM THE DEMOCRATS AND FROM THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN.
AND FROM THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN. ALL THAT STUFF THAT MILLER WAS
ALL THAT STUFF THAT MILLER WAS ASKED ABOUT, THAT’S THE STUFF
ASKED ABOUT, THAT’S THE STUFF THAT ENDED UP IN THE STONE
THAT ENDED UP IN THE STONE INDICTMENT.
INDICTMENT. SO WHEN THAT INDICTMENT WAS
SO WHEN THAT INDICTMENT WAS FILED AGAINST ROGER STONE, THE
FILED AGAINST ROGER STONE, THE LAWYER WHO IS THE DEFENSE LAWYER
LAWYER WHO IS THE DEFENSE LAWYER FOR THIS GUY ANDREW MILLER, HE
FOR THIS GUY ANDREW MILLER, HE HAD REASON TO BELIEVE, WELL,
HAD REASON TO BELIEVE, WELL, OKAY, THEY INDICTED ROGER STONE
OKAY, THEY INDICTED ROGER STONE NOW.
NOW. THAT’S WHAT THEY WANTED TO ASK
THAT’S WHAT THEY WANTED TO ASK MY CLIENT ABOUT.
MY CLIENT ABOUT. THAT MUST MEAN THIS WHOLE THING
THAT MUST MEAN THIS WHOLE THING INVOLVING MY CLIENT IS DONE
INVOLVING MY CLIENT IS DONE BECAUSE CLEARLY, THE GRAND JURY
BECAUSE CLEARLY, THE GRAND JURY IS DONE HERE AND DID IT WITHOUT
IS DONE HERE AND DID IT WITHOUT MY CLIENT’S TESTIMONY.
MY CLIENT’S TESTIMONY. THEY WANTED MY CLIENT TO TESTIFY
THEY WANTED MY CLIENT TO TESTIFY ABOUT ROGER STONE AND WIKILEAKS.
ABOUT ROGER STONE AND WIKILEAKS. WELL, RONLGER STONE AND WIKILEAK
WELL, RONLGER STONE AND WIKILEAK HE GOT ARRESTED.
HE GOT ARRESTED. HE’S IN COURT, DONE.
HE’S IN COURT, DONE. THE GRAND JURY CAN’T KEEP
THE GRAND JURY CAN’T KEEP COLLECTING EVIDENCE ABOUT THAT
COLLECTING EVIDENCE ABOUT THAT DEFENDANT IF THE INDICTING PART
DEFENDANT IF THE INDICTING PART OF THEIR JOB IS DONE.
OF THEIR JOB IS DONE. ANDREW MILLER IS OFF THE HOOK,
ANDREW MILLER IS OFF THE HOOK, RIGHT?
RIGHT? NO.
NO. IT TURNS OUT HE’S NOT.
IT TURNS OUT HE’S NOT. REALLY?
REALLY? TELL ME MORE.
TELL ME MORE. SARA MURRAY AND CAITLYN AT CNN
SARA MURRAY AND CAITLYN AT CNN REPORT THAT ANDREW MILLER’S
REPORT THAT ANDREW MILLER’S LAWYER, HIS DEFENSE LAWYER
LAWYER, HIS DEFENSE LAWYER CONTACTED THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S
CONTACTED THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE AFTER ROGER STONE GOT
OFFICE AFTER ROGER STONE GOT INDICTED TO ASK WHETHER ANDREW
INDICTED TO ASK WHETHER ANDREW MILLER WOULD STILL BE NEEDED,
MILLER WOULD STILL BE NEEDED, WHETHER THEY WOULD STILL WANT
WHETHER THEY WOULD STILL WANT HIM TO TESTIFY BEFORE THE GRAND
HIM TO TESTIFY BEFORE THE GRAND JURY AND ACCORDING TO CNN, THE
JURY AND ACCORDING TO CNN, THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE TOLD
SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE TOLD ANDREW MILLER’S ATTORNEY,
ANDREW MILLER’S ATTORNEY, ACTUALLY, YEAH, WE STILL WANT
ACTUALLY, YEAH, WE STILL WANT YOUR CLIENT’S TESTIMONY BEFORE
YOUR CLIENT’S TESTIMONY BEFORE THIS GRAND JURY.
THIS GRAND JURY. ANDREW MILLER’S DEFENSE LAWYER
ANDREW MILLER’S DEFENSE LAWYER SAYS THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S
SAYS THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE TOLD HIM THAT THEY
OFFICE TOLD HIM THAT THEY CONSIDER THIS QUOTE STILL A LIVE
CONSIDER THIS QUOTE STILL A LIVE CASE.
CASE. WELL, ALL GRAND JURIES DO IS
WELL, ALL GRAND JURIES DO IS INDICT PEOPLE.
INDICT PEOPLE. IF THEY HAVE A LIVE CASE, THAT
IF THEY HAVE A LIVE CASE, THAT MEANS I MEAN, IF THE GRAND JURY
MEANS I MEAN, IF THE GRAND JURY IS STILL WORKING ON THIS, STILL
IS STILL WORKING ON THIS, STILL TAKING MORE TESTIMONY ON THIS
TAKING MORE TESTIMONY ON THIS AFTER ROGER STONE HAS ALREADY
AFTER ROGER STONE HAS ALREADY BEEN INDICTED, IF THIS IS STILL
BEEN INDICTED, IF THIS IS STILL A LIVE CASE BEFORE THAT GRAND
A LIVE CASE BEFORE THAT GRAND JURY, THAT MEANS THEY ARE STILL
JURY, THAT MEANS THEY ARE STILL WORKING ON ANOTHER POTENTIAL
WORKING ON ANOTHER POTENTIAL INDICTMENT RELATED TO RONLGER
INDICTMENT RELATED TO RONLGER STONE AND WIKILEAKS AND WHAT
STONE AND WIKILEAKS AND WHAT RUSSIA STOLE FROM THE DEMOCRATS
RUSSIA STOLE FROM THE DEMOCRATS AND IT COULD MEAN THAT IT’S JUST
AND IT COULD MEAN THAT IT’S JUST THAT ROGER STONE WILL GET
THAT ROGER STONE WILL GET INDICTED AGAIN.
INDICTED AGAIN. THERE COULD BE SOME SUPERSEDING
THERE COULD BE SOME SUPERSEDING INDICTMENT COMING FOR ROGER
INDICTMENT COMING FOR ROGER STONE ON TOP OF THE SEVEN FELONY
STONE ON TOP OF THE SEVEN FELONY COUNTS HE’S LOOKING AT.
COUNTS HE’S LOOKING AT. IT COULD BE THAT.
IT COULD BE THAT. THAT COULD BE THE NEXT
THAT COULD BE THE NEXT INDICTMENT, NEXT POTENTIAL
INDICTMENT, NEXT POTENTIAL INDICTMENT BUT COULD MEAN
INDICTMENT BUT COULD MEAN SOMEBODY ELSE IS POTENTIALLY
SOMEBODY ELSE IS POTENTIALLY LOOKING AT GETTING INDICTED BY
LOOKING AT GETTING INDICTED BY THE GRAND JURY THAT WOULD DERIVE
THE GRAND JURY THAT WOULD DERIVE FROM THE SAME GENERAL SET OF
FROM THE SAME GENERAL SET OF FACTS CONCERNING ROGER STONE AND
FACTS CONCERNING ROGER STONE AND HIS CONTACT WITH WIKILEAKS AND
HIS CONTACT WITH WIKILEAKS AND INFORMATION STOLEN BY THE
INFORMATION STOLEN BY THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT FROM THE
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT FROM THE DEMOCRATS BECAUSE THAT’S WHAT
DEMOCRATS BECAUSE THAT’S WHAT ANDREW MILLER HAS BEEN ASKED
ANDREW MILLER HAS BEEN ASKED ABOUT.
ABOUT. THAT’S WHEN HE SUPPOSEDLY NEEDS
THAT’S WHEN HE SUPPOSEDLY NEEDS TO TELL THE GRAND JURY ABOUT,
TO TELL THE GRAND JURY ABOUT, WHICH MEANS THE GRAND JURY IS
WHICH MEANS THE GRAND JURY IS STILL WORKING ON THAT.
STILL WORKING ON THAT. THIS LITTLE ANDREW MILLER CASE
THIS LITTLE ANDREW MILLER CASE HAS ALWAYS BEEN A WEIRD OUT LIAR
HAS ALWAYS BEEN A WEIRD OUT LIAR IN THE RUSSIA SCANDAL BUT WHAT
IN THE RUSSIA SCANDAL BUT WHAT THAT CASE HAS JUST TAUGHT US IS
THAT CASE HAS JUST TAUGHT US IS THAT IN ALL LIKELIHOOD, ROGER
THAT IN ALL LIKELIHOOD, ROGER STONE DOES NOT STAND ALONE OR AT
STONE DOES NOT STAND ALONE OR AT LEAST THIS ROGER STONE
LEAST THIS ROGER STONE INDICTMENT DOES NOT STAND ALONE.
INDICTMENT DOES NOT STAND ALONE. THERE IS SOMETHING ELSE THAT
THERE IS SOMETHING ELSE THAT GRAND JURY IS WORKING ON.
GRAND JURY IS WORKING ON. THERE IS SOMETHING ELSE, MEANING
THERE IS SOMETHING ELSE, MEANING ANOTHER INDICTMENT THAT MAY
ANOTHER INDICTMENT THAT MAY BECOMING FROM THE SAME GRAND
BECOMING FROM THE SAME GRAND JURY THAT RELATES TO THE SAME
JURY THAT RELATES TO THE SAME BASIC SET OF FACTS.
BASIC SET OF FACTS. NOW, GRAND JURY PROCEEDINGS ARE
NOW, GRAND JURY PROCEEDINGS ARE SECRET AND THE SECRECY OF THE
SECRET AND THE SECRECY OF THE GRAND JURY IS A SERIOUS THING.
GRAND JURY IS A SERIOUS THING. WE DO NOT KNOW MORE WHABLT ISABO
WE DO NOT KNOW MORE WHABLT ISABO IS GOING ON THAN WE GLEAM FROM
IS GOING ON THAN WE GLEAM FROM THIS IN TERMS OF WHAT EXACTLY
THIS IN TERMS OF WHAT EXACTLY THEY ARE CONSIDERING OR MIGHT DO
THEY ARE CONSIDERING OR MIGHT DO NEXT BUT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING
NEXT BUT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING THAT HAPPENED HERE ON THIS SHOW
THAT HAPPENED HERE ON THIS SHOW LIVE LAST NIGHT, I FEEL LIKE IT
LIVE LAST NIGHT, I FEEL LIKE IT WOULD BE -- I FEEL LIKE I WOULD
WOULD BE -- I FEEL LIKE I WOULD BE REMISS NOT TO NOTE THAT THE
BE REMISS NOT TO NOTE THAT THE ONE OTHER PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH
ONE OTHER PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN, BESIDES
THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN, BESIDES ROGER STONE, WHO ADMITS TO
ROGER STONE, WHO ADMITS TO HAVING MONTHS OF COMMUNICATION
HAVING MONTHS OF COMMUNICATION WITH WIKILEAKS DURING THE
WITH WIKILEAKS DURING THE CAMPAIGN INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY
CAMPAIGN INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY COMMUNICATIONS ABOUT WHAT KIND
COMMUNICATIONS ABOUT WHAT KIND OF ANTI HILLARY CLINTON
OF ANTI HILLARY CLINTON INFORMATION WIKILEAKS MIGHT BE
INFORMATION WIKILEAKS MIGHT BE DROPPING DURING THE CAMPAIGN
DROPPING DURING THE CAMPAIGN THAT MIGHT HELP DONALD TRUMP’S
THAT MIGHT HELP DONALD TRUMP’S CHANCES AT WINNING.
CHANCES AT WINNING. THE ONLY OTHER PERSON OTHER THAN
THE ONLY OTHER PERSON OTHER THAN ROGER STONE WE KNOW OF THAT HAD
ROGER STONE WE KNOW OF THAT HAD MONTHS OF COMMUNICATIONS WITH
MONTHS OF COMMUNICATIONS WITH WIKILEAKS IS THIS MAN.
WIKILEAKS IS THIS MAN. THE PRESIDENT’S ELDEST SON AND
THE PRESIDENT’S ELDEST SON AND NAME SAKE DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR.
NAME SAKE DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR. HIS REPEATED MESSAGES WERE
HIS REPEATED MESSAGES WERE OBTAINED BY A REPORTER AT "THE
OBTAINED BY A REPORTER AT "THE ATLANTAIC
ATLANTAIC ATLANTIC" MAGAZINE.
ATLANTIC" MAGAZINE. SHE REPORTED MESSAGES BETWEEN
SHE REPORTED MESSAGES BETWEEN DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR AND
DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR AND WIKILEAKS WERE TURNED OVER TO
WIKILEAKS WERE TURNED OVER TO CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATORS.
CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATORS. THESE COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN
THESE COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR AND
DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR AND WIKILEAKS STARTED DURING THE
WIKILEAKS STARTED DURING THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN AND
PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN AND CONTINUED AFTER THE ELECTION AND
CONTINUED AFTER THE ELECTION AND AFTER THE INAUGURATION UNTIL AT
AFTER THE INAUGURATION UNTIL AT LEAST MIDSUMMER 2017 WHICH WOULD
LEAST MIDSUMMER 2017 WHICH WOULD BE LONG AFTER EVEN TRUMP’S HAND
BE LONG AFTER EVEN TRUMP’S HAND PICKED CI ARKS DIEA DIRECTOR WAS
PICKED CI ARKS DIEA DIRECTOR WAS DESCRIBING IT AS A HOSTILE
DESCRIBING IT AS A HOSTILE SERVICE THAT EMBEDDED ACTORS
SERVICE THAT EMBEDDED ACTORS LIKE RUSSIA.
LIKE RUSSIA. DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR WAS
DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR WAS COMMUNICATING WITH WIKILEAKS
COMMUNICATING WITH WIKILEAKS AFTER THE PUBLIC CLAIMS EVEN
AFTER THE PUBLIC CLAIMS EVEN AFTER EVERYTHING WE LEARNED
AFTER EVERYTHING WE LEARNED ABOUT HOW WIKILEAKS WORKED WITH
ABOUT HOW WIKILEAKS WORKED WITH THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT TO HELP
THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT TO HELP THEM INTERFERE IN OUR ELECTION
THEM INTERFERE IN OUR ELECTION DURING 2016.
DURING 2016. NOW WE KNOW TWO OF THE THREE
NOW WE KNOW TWO OF THE THREE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DONALD
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR TESTIFIED BEFORE
TRUMP JUNIOR TESTIFIED BEFORE ASKED HIM DETAILS QUESTIONS
ASKED HIM DETAILS QUESTIONS ABOUT INTERACTIONS WITH
ABOUT INTERACTIONS WITH WIKILEAKS.
WIKILEAKS. WE KNOW HE WAS ASKED DETAILED
WE KNOW HE WAS ASKED DETAILED QUESTIONS ABOUT COMMUNICATIONS
QUESTIONS ABOUT COMMUNICATIONS WITH WIKILEAKS IN THE SENATE
WITH WIKILEAKS IN THE SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE BECAUSE IT
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE BECAUSE IT WAS RELEASED PUBLICLY SO WE CAN
WAS RELEASED PUBLICLY SO WE CAN SEE THAT TRANSCRIPT OF THAT
SEE THAT TRANSCRIPT OF THAT TESTIMONY.
TESTIMONY. "THE WASHINGTON POST" ALSO
"THE WASHINGTON POST" ALSO REPORTED THAT DONALD TRUMP
REPORTED THAT DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR’S COMMUNICATIONS WITH
JUNIOR’S COMMUNICATIONS WITH WIKILEAKS WERE THE SUBJECT OF EX
WIKILEAKS WERE THE SUBJECT OF EX EXTENSIVE DISCUSSION WHEN HE
EXTENSIVE DISCUSSION WHEN HE TESTIFIED TO THE HOUSE
TESTIFIED TO THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE.
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE. THAT TRANSCRIPT WE DON’T HAVE.
THAT TRANSCRIPT WE DON’T HAVE. THAT WAS CLOSED-DOOR TESTIMONY.
THAT WAS CLOSED-DOOR TESTIMONY. WE DO NOT KNOW IF DONALD TRUMP
WE DO NOT KNOW IF DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR GOT HIMSELF INTO ANY SORT
JUNIOR GOT HIMSELF INTO ANY SORT OF TROUBLE IN TERMS OF FALSE
OF TROUBLE IN TERMS OF FALSE STATEMENTS WHEN IT CAME TO HIS
STATEMENTS WHEN IT CAME TO HIS TESTIMONY BEFORE ANY OF THESE
TESTIMONY BEFORE ANY OF THESE COMMITTEES ON WIKILEAKS OR
COMMITTEES ON WIKILEAKS OR ANYTHING.
ANYTHING. BUT WE DO ME THAT RONLER ERROGER
BUT WE DO ME THAT RONLER ERROGER HAS BEEN INDICTED FOR LYING
HAS BEEN INDICTED FOR LYING ABOUT HIS CONTACTS TO WIKILEAKS
ABOUT HIS CONTACTS TO WIKILEAKS AND APPEARS THAT THE GRAND JURY
AND APPEARS THAT THE GRAND JURY THAT INDICTED ROGER STONE FOR
THAT INDICTED ROGER STONE FOR THOSE SEVEN FELONY COUNTS IS
THOSE SEVEN FELONY COUNTS IS STILL AT WORK AND STILL TAKING
STILL AT WORK AND STILL TAKING EVIDENCE TOWARDS SOME POTENTIAL
EVIDENCE TOWARDS SOME POTENTIAL FUTURE INDICTMENT THAT TOUCHES
FUTURE INDICTMENT THAT TOUCHES ON THOSE SAME BASIC SETS OF
ON THOSE SAME BASIC SETS OF FACTS.
FACTS. AND AGAIN, I FEEL I WOULD BE
AND AGAIN, I FEEL I WOULD BE REMISED TO NOT POINT OUT THAT
REMISED TO NOT POINT OUT THAT THERE IS NOW A LONG TRAIL OF
THERE IS NOW A LONG TRAIL OF FAIRLY INSIST LYLY INSISTING CLA
FAIRLY INSIST LYLY INSISTING CLA MULTIPLE COMMITTEES ON CONGRESS,
MULTIPLE COMMITTEES ON CONGRESS, THAT THERE WERE IN FACT PROBLEMS
THAT THERE WERE IN FACT PROBLEMS WITH THE TESTIMONY OF DONALD
WITH THE TESTIMONY OF DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR.
TRUMP JUNIOR. AND IF WE ARE NOW AT THE PART OF
AND IF WE ARE NOW AT THE PART OF THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION AND
THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION AND RUSSIA INVESTIGATION WHERE
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION WHERE PEOPLE ARE GOING TO BE CHARGED
PEOPLE ARE GOING TO BE CHARGED FOR LYING TO CONGRESS NOW LIKE
FOR LYING TO CONGRESS NOW LIKE WE’VE SEEN WITH COHEN AND STONE,
WE’VE SEEN WITH COHEN AND STONE, MEMBERS OF CONGRESS ARE TELLING
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS ARE TELLING US NOW INSISTF THERE IS ANYBODY
US NOW INSISTF THERE IS ANYBODY SHOULD BE WORRIED, ANY OF THE
SHOULD BE WORRIED, ANY OF THE PEOPLE THAT TESTIFIED BEFORE
PEOPLE THAT TESTIFIED BEFORE THEM, REALLY, IT’S THE
THEM, REALLY, IT’S THE PRESIDENT’S ELDEST SON THAT
PRESIDENT’S ELDEST SON THAT SHOULD BE MOST WORRIED.
SHOULD BE MOST WORRIED. THIS FOR EXAMPLE WAS SENATOR
THIS FOR EXAMPLE WAS SENATOR RICHARD BLUMENTHAL LAST NIGHT.
RICHARD BLUMENTHAL LAST NIGHT. >> I CAN TELL YOU THIS MUCH, I
>> I CAN TELL YOU THIS MUCH, I WAS IN THE ROOM WHEN A GREAT
WAS IN THE ROOM WHEN A GREAT MANY OF THESE WITNESSES APPEARED
MANY OF THESE WITNESSES APPEARED BEFORE THE SENATE JUDICIARY
BEFORE THE SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. I THINK MANY OF THEM SHOULD BE
I THINK MANY OF THEM SHOULD BE CALLED BACK TO TESTIFY IN PUBLIC
CALLED BACK TO TESTIFY IN PUBLIC AND I HOPE THAT WILL BE TRUE OF
AND I HOPE THAT WILL BE TRUE OF OTHER CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES,
OTHER CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES, AS WELL, BECAUSE BEHIND CLOSED
AS WELL, BECAUSE BEHIND CLOSED DOORS, THERE AROUSALSE CONCERNIN
DOORS, THERE AROUSALSE CONCERNIN THEIR TRUTHFULNESS AND PERTAINED
THEIR TRUTHFULNESS AND PERTAINED TO DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR AND CON
TO DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR AND CON CONTENTION
CONTENTION CONTENTIONS.
CONTENTIONS. THIS COMMON THREAD OF LYING TO
THIS COMMON THREAD OF LYING TO CONGRESS AND PARTICULARLY
CONGRESS AND PARTICULARLY CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES MAY
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES MAY INSNARE A NUMBER OF OTHER
INSNARE A NUMBER OF OTHER POTENTIAL TARGETS IN THIS
POTENTIAL TARGETS IN THIS SPECIAL COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION
SPECIAL COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION AND BECOME A MATTER OF CRIMINAL
AND BECOME A MATTER OF CRIMINAL ACTION.
ACTION. >> SENATOR RICHARD BLOOMEN --
>> SENATOR RICHARD BLOOMEN -- SENATOR WHETHER THE SPECIAL
SENATOR WHETHER THE SPECIAL COUNSEL REVIEWED TESTIMONY FROM
COUNSEL REVIEWED TESTIMONY FROM ANYONE ELSE, ANYBODY ELSE WHO
ANYONE ELSE, ANYBODY ELSE WHO THE SENATOR PERCEIVES MIGHT BE
THE SENATOR PERCEIVES MIGHT BE IN TROUBLE FOR LYING TO CONGRESS
IN TROUBLE FOR LYING TO CONGRESS NOW THAT MICHAEL COHEN IS
NOW THAT MICHAEL COHEN IS CHARGED FOR LYING TO CONGRESS
CHARGED FOR LYING TO CONGRESS AND ROGER STONE IS CHARGED WITH
AND ROGER STONE IS CHARGED WITH LYING TO CONGRESS AND HE
LYING TO CONGRESS AND HE VOLUNTEERED, YEAH, DONALD TRUMP
VOLUNTEERED, YEAH, DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR IS THE ONE NAMED PERSON
JUNIOR IS THE ONE NAMED PERSON WHO SHOULD REALLY THINK ABOUT
WHO SHOULD REALLY THINK ABOUT HAVING SOMETHING TO WORRY ABOUT
HAVING SOMETHING TO WORRY ABOUT ON THAT SCORE AND THIS IS NOT
ON THAT SCORE AND THIS IS NOT THE FIRST TIME A MEMBER OF
THE FIRST TIME A MEMBER OF CONGRESS SUGGESTED THAT AFTER
CONGRESS SUGGESTED THAT AFTER HEARING TESTIMONY FROM DONALD
HEARING TESTIMONY FROM DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR MEANING THESE ARE
TRUMP JUNIOR MEANING THESE ARE NOT JUST PEOPLE THROWING THAT
NOT JUST PEOPLE THROWING THAT OUT THERE BECAUSE THEY HAVE
OUT THERE BECAUSE THEY HAVE FEELINGS ABOUT DONALD TRUMP
FEELINGS ABOUT DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR, THERE ARE PEOPLE IN A
JUNIOR, THERE ARE PEOPLE IN A POSITION TO KNOW BECAUSE THEY
POSITION TO KNOW BECAUSE THEY HEARD HIS TESTIMONY.
HEARD HIS TESTIMONY. IN MAY CHRIS SENT A LETTER
IN MAY CHRIS SENT A LETTER SAYING HE BELIEVED DONALD TRUMP
SAYING HE BELIEVED DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR MAY HAVE LIED ABOUT
JUNIOR MAY HAVE LIED ABOUT CONTACTS WITH ANOTHER
CONTACTS WITH ANOTHER COOPERATING WITNESS IN THE
COOPERATING WITNESS IN THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION, A
MUELLER INVESTIGATION, A MYSTERIOUS CHARACTER NAMED
MYSTERIOUS CHARACTER NAMED GEORGE REPRESENTING THE UNITED
GEORGE REPRESENTING THE UNITED EMIRATES.
EMIRATES. SENATOR RAISING THE PROSPECT
SENATOR RAISING THE PROSPECT DONALD TRUMP LIED UNDER OATH IN
DONALD TRUMP LIED UNDER OATH IN HIS TESTIMONY ABOUT THOSE
HIS TESTIMONY ABOUT THOSE CONTACTS.
CONTACTS. THEN WHEN MICHAEL COHEN PLED
THEN WHEN MICHAEL COHEN PLED GUILTY TO LYING TO THE
GUILTY TO LYING TO THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE ABOUT HIS
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE ABOUT HIS WORK ON TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW AND
WORK ON TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW AND CONTACTS THAT PROJECT ENTAILED
CONTACTS THAT PROJECT ENTAILED BETWEEN HIM AND OFFICIALS AT THE
BETWEEN HIM AND OFFICIALS AT THE KREMLIN, A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE
KREMLIN, A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE,
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE, CONGRESSMAN FROM CONNECTICUT
CONGRESSMAN FROM CONNECTICUT CAME ON THE SHOW AND SAID WELL
CAME ON THE SHOW AND SAID WELL HE COULDN’T COMMENT ON THE
HE COULDN’T COMMENT ON THE SPECIFICS OF CLOSED DOOR
SPECIFICS OF CLOSED DOOR TESTIMONY BEFORE THAT COMMITTEE,
TESTIMONY BEFORE THAT COMMITTEE, HE SAID OTHER PEOPLE WHO
HE SAID OTHER PEOPLE WHO TESTIFIED WITH THE COMMITTEE
TESTIFIED WITH THE COMMITTEE ABOUT TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW
ABOUT TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW TESTIFIED IN A WAY THAT WAS
TESTIFIED IN A WAY THAT WAS EFFECTIVELY CON LYLY WITH WHAT M
EFFECTIVELY CON LYLY WITH WHAT M COHEN SAID UNDER OATH, THAT’S A
COHEN SAID UNDER OATH, THAT’S A PROBLEM WHEN HE ADMITS HIS STORY
PROBLEM WHEN HE ADMITS HIS STORY TO THE COMMITTEE WAS A LIE.
TO THE COMMITTEE WAS A LIE. HE PLED GUILTY TO A FELONY FOR
HE PLED GUILTY TO A FELONY FOR GIVING FALSE TESTIMONY ABOUT
GIVING FALSE TESTIMONY ABOUT TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW.
TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW. ANYBODY ELSE THAT GAVE CONGRUENT
ANYBODY ELSE THAT GAVE CONGRUENT TESTIMONY ON TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW
TESTIMONY ON TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW MAY HAVE LIED IN THE SAME WACO
MAY HAVE LIED IN THE SAME WACO HIN ED A
HIN ED A -- WAY COHEN ADMITS HE DID.
-- WAY COHEN ADMITS HE DID. JACKIE SPEAR, WHO IS A VETERAN
JACKIE SPEAR, WHO IS A VETERAN MEMBER OF THE INTELLIGENCE
MEMBER OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE WAS SPEAKING WITH KATY
COMMITTEE WAS SPEAKING WITH KATY AND PUT A SPIN ON IT.
AND PUT A SPIN ON IT. >> ARE YOU CONCERNED ANYBODY
>> ARE YOU CONCERNED ANYBODY ELSE LIED TO YOUR COMMITTEE?
ELSE LIED TO YOUR COMMITTEE? >> I AM CONCERNED OTHER PEOPLE
>> I AM CONCERNED OTHER PEOPLE LIED TO THE COMMITTEE AND I
LIED TO THE COMMITTEE AND I WOULDN’T BE SURPRISED IF WE FIND
WOULDN’T BE SURPRISED IF WE FIND OUT THROUGH THE MUELLER
OUT THROUGH THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION AND REPORT THAT HE
INVESTIGATION AND REPORT THAT HE IS IDENTIFIED OTHERS.
IS IDENTIFIED OTHERS. >> WHO POTENTIALLY DO YOU THINK
>> WHO POTENTIALLY DO YOU THINK COULD HAVE LIED?
COULD HAVE LIED? >> WELL, I’M NOT GOING TO GO
>> WELL, I’M NOT GOING TO GO THERE WITH YOU RIGHT AT THE
THERE WITH YOU RIGHT AT THE MOMENT BUT I THINK YOU COULD
MOMENT BUT I THINK YOU COULD PROBABLY FIGURE OUT PEOPLE
PROBABLY FIGURE OUT PEOPLE WITHIN THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION
WITHIN THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION WHO TESTIFIED BEFORE OUR
WHO TESTIFIED BEFORE OUR COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. >> TRUMP ORGANIZATION IS THE
>> TRUMP ORGANIZATION IS THE TRUMP BUSINESS AND NOT THAT MANY
TRUMP BUSINESS AND NOT THAT MANY PEOPLE FROM THE TRUMP
PEOPLE FROM THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION HAVE TESTIFIED
ORGANIZATION HAVE TESTIFIED BEFORE THAT COMMITTEE, THE HOUSE
BEFORE THAT COMMITTEE, THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE THAT WE
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE THAT WE KNOW OF.
KNOW OF. ONE OF THEM IS MICHAEL COHEN
ONE OF THEM IS MICHAEL COHEN THAT PLED GUILTY TO LYING TO THE
THAT PLED GUILTY TO LYING TO THE COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. ANOTHER ONE IS DONALD TRUMP
ANOTHER ONE IS DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR WHO AGAIN, WE KNOW WAS
JUNIOR WHO AGAIN, WE KNOW WAS ASKED AT LEAST ABOUT HIS
ASKED AT LEAST ABOUT HIS WIKILEAKS CONTACTS BEFORE THAT
WIKILEAKS CONTACTS BEFORE THAT COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. HE WAS ALSO ASKED ABOUT THE
HE WAS ALSO ASKED ABOUT THE TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW PROJECT BY
TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW PROJECT BY THAT COMMITTEE THERE ARE TWO
THAT COMMITTEE THERE ARE TWO OTHER PEOPLE CHARGED WITH FELONY
OTHER PEOPLE CHARGED WITH FELONY KNEES FOR LYING ABOUT WIKILEAKS
KNEES FOR LYING ABOUT WIKILEAKS AND TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW.
AND TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW. WHAT ARE THE ODDS THE
WHAT ARE THE ODDS THE PRESIDENT’S HELDPRESIDENT
PRESIDENT’S HELDPRESIDENT EES
EES PRESIDENT’S ELDEST SON MIGHT BE
PRESIDENT’S ELDEST SON MIGHT BE IN THE SAME PICKLE?
IN THE SAME PICKLE? WE’LL SPEAK WITH CONGRESSWOMAN
WE’LL SPEAK WITH CONGRESSWOMAN JACKIE SPEAR LATER ON THIS HOUR
JACKIE SPEAR LATER ON THIS HOUR AND WE’LL GET A CHANCE TO ASK
AND WE’LL GET A CHANCE TO ASK HER ABOUT THAT.
HER ABOUT THAT. BUT IF THE PRESIDENT’S ELDEST
BUT IF THE PRESIDENT’S ELDEST SON IS IN A LEGAL PICKLE HERE,
SON IS IN A LEGAL PICKLE HERE, THERE IS A COUPLE THINGS TO
THERE IS A COUPLE THINGS TO CONSIDER.
CONSIDER. ONE IS WE REALLY DON’T KNOW HOW
ONE IS WE REALLY DON’T KNOW HOW THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF MIGHT
THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF MIGHT REACT TO THAT KIND OF LEGAL
REACT TO THAT KIND OF LEGAL JEOPARDY FOR AN IMMEDIATE FAMILY
JEOPARDY FOR AN IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBER FOR HIS NAME SAKE AND
MEMBER FOR HIS NAME SAKE AND ELDEST SON, THE PRESIDENT AND
ELDEST SON, THE PRESIDENT AND HIS DEFENSE AND WHAT HE SEES AS
HIS DEFENSE AND WHAT HE SEES AS A RED LINE OR SOMETHING THAT MAY
A RED LINE OR SOMETHING THAT MAY PROVOKE HIM TO DO THINGS HE
PROVOKE HIM TO DO THINGS HE HASN’T OTHERWISE DONE, IF HIS
HASN’T OTHERWISE DONE, IF HIS ELDEST SON IN IS LEGAL JEOPARDY,
ELDEST SON IN IS LEGAL JEOPARDY, WE DON’T KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT
WE DON’T KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT FROM THE PRESIDENT ON THAT
FROM THE PRESIDENT ON THAT FRONT.
FRONT. ALSO, YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT THERE
ALSO, YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT THERE IS A LITTLE BIT OF A LOGISTICAL
IS A LITTLE BIT OF A LOGISTICAL HURDLE THAT REPUBLICANS AND
HURDLE THAT REPUBLICANS AND CONGRESS HAVE THROWN UP IN TERMS
CONGRESS HAVE THROWN UP IN TERMS OF HOW THIS MAY PROCEED AND THIS
OF HOW THIS MAY PROCEED AND THIS PERTAINS TO DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR
PERTAINS TO DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR BEING IN TROUBLE BECAUSE OF HIS
BEING IN TROUBLE BECAUSE OF HIS TESTIMONY AND ALSO MAY AFFECT
TESTIMONY AND ALSO MAY AFFECT OTHER WITNESSES IN THE SAME KIND
OTHER WITNESSES IN THE SAME KIND OF POTENTIAL JEOPARDY.
OF POTENTIAL JEOPARDY. ONE OF THE THINGS WE’VE BEEN
ONE OF THE THINGS WE’VE BEEN REPORTING ON FOR THE PAST FEW
REPORTING ON FOR THE PAST FEW DAYS IS THE FACT THAT ALTHOUGH
DAYS IS THE FACT THAT ALTHOUGH THE NEW CONGRESS IS IN SESSION
THE NEW CONGRESS IS IN SESSION AND COMMITTEES ARE HOLDING
AND COMMITTEES ARE HOLDING HEARINGS AND VOTES ARE
HEARINGS AND VOTES ARE HAPPENING, THE REPUBLICANS HAVE
HAPPENING, THE REPUBLICANS HAVE NOT ANNOUNCED WHICH MEMBERS OF
NOT ANNOUNCED WHICH MEMBERS OF CONGRESS THEY WILL PUT ON THE
CONGRESS THEY WILL PUT ON THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE.
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE. THEY ANNOUNCED THE MEMBERSHIP
THEY ANNOUNCED THE MEMBERSHIP FOR 23 OTHER COMMITTEES BUT NOT
FOR 23 OTHER COMMITTEES BUT NOT INTELLIGENCE.
INTELLIGENCE. WELL, IF THE SPECIAL COUNSEL
WELL, IF THE SPECIAL COUNSEL ROBERT MUELLER AND HIS GRAND
ROBERT MUELLER AND HIS GRAND JURY DO HAVE AN INTEREST IN
JURY DO HAVE AN INTEREST IN LOOKING AT CERTIFIED TRANSCRIPTS
LOOKING AT CERTIFIED TRANSCRIPTS OF THE TESTIMONY OF DONALD TRUMP
OF THE TESTIMONY OF DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR OR ANY OTHER WITNESSES
JUNIOR OR ANY OTHER WITNESSES BEFORE THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE
BEFORE THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE, THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S
COMMITTEE, THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE CAN ONLY BRING LEGAL
OFFICE CAN ONLY BRING LEGAL ACTION ON THE BASIS OF SOMEONE’S
ACTION ON THE BASIS OF SOMEONE’S POTENTIALLY FALSE TESTIMONY IF
POTENTIALLY FALSE TESTIMONY IF THEY HAVE AN OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT
THEY HAVE AN OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF THAT TESTIMONY AND THEY CAN
OF THAT TESTIMONY AND THEY CAN ONLY GET AN OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT
ONLY GET AN OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF THAT TESTIMONY ONCE THE
OF THAT TESTIMONY ONCE THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE MEETS AND
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE MEETS AND VOTES TO RELEASE THAT OFFICIAL
VOTES TO RELEASE THAT OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT
TRANSCRIPT TRANSCRIPT.
TRANSCRIPT. VOTES THAT THE TRANSCRIPT CAN BE
VOTES THAT THE TRANSCRIPT CAN BE TRANSMITTED TO THE SPECIAL
TRANSMITTED TO THE SPECIAL COUNSEL.
COUNSEL. THAT CLOSED-DOOR TESTIMONY, THE
THAT CLOSED-DOOR TESTIMONY, THE TRANSCRIPTS THEREOF, THAT’S
TRANSCRIPTS THEREOF, THAT’S PROPERTY OF THE COMMITTEE AND
PROPERTY OF THE COMMITTEE AND THE COMMITTEE HAS TO VOTE TO
THE COMMITTEE HAS TO VOTE TO RELEASE IT BEFORE THE SPECIAL
RELEASE IT BEFORE THE SPECIAL COUNSEL CAN GET IT AND THE
COUNSEL CAN GET IT AND THE SPECIAL COUNSEL NEEDS AN
SPECIAL COUNSEL NEEDS AN OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT BEFORE THEY
OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT BEFORE THEY CAN TAKE LEGAL ACTION ON THAT
CAN TAKE LEGAL ACTION ON THAT BASIS.
BASIS. WELL, THE COMMITTEE CAN’T MEET
WELL, THE COMMITTEE CAN’T MEET TO TAKE A VOTE TO RELEASE
TO TAKE A VOTE TO RELEASE ANYONE’S TRANSCRIPT UNTIL THEY
ANYONE’S TRANSCRIPT UNTIL THEY HAVE ALL THEIR MEMBERS, RIGHT?
HAVE ALL THEIR MEMBERS, RIGHT? UNTIL THE MEMBERSHIP OF THE
UNTIL THE MEMBERSHIP OF THE COMMITTEE IS SET AND SO FAR
COMMITTEE IS SET AND SO FAR REPUBLICANS WON’T APPOINT THEIR
REPUBLICANS WON’T APPOINT THEIR MEMBERS AND SO NOTHING CAN
MEMBERS AND SO NOTHING CAN HAPPEN ON THE INTELLIGENCE
HAPPEN ON THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE WHATSOEVER.
COMMITTEE WHATSOEVER. WE REPORTED ON THAT APPARENT
WE REPORTED ON THAT APPARENT DELAY LAST WEEK, THE REPUBLICAN
DELAY LAST WEEK, THE REPUBLICAN HOUSE LEADER KEFR ERER KEVIN McC
HOUSE LEADER KEFR ERER KEVIN McC ASKED ABOUT IT AND SAID IT’S A
ASKED ABOUT IT AND SAID IT’S A LOGISTIC PROBLEM, IN TERMS OF
LOGISTIC PROBLEM, IN TERMS OF WHEN THE HOUSE SPEAKERS
WHEN THE HOUSE SPEAKERS ELECTION.
ELECTION. HE SAID THE REPUBLICAN MEMBERS
HE SAID THE REPUBLICAN MEMBERS WOULD BE NAMED VERY SOON.
WOULD BE NAMED VERY SOON. DEFINITELY THIS WEEK.
DEFINITELY THIS WEEK. WE’VE BEEN THROUGH MONDAY.
WE’VE BEEN THROUGH MONDAY. WE’VE BEEN THROUGH TUESDAY.
WE’VE BEEN THROUGH TUESDAY. THOSE MEMBERS STILL HAVE NOT
THOSE MEMBERS STILL HAVE NOT BEEN NAMED.
BEEN NAMED. CONGRESSMAN ADAM SCHIFF SAID THE
CONGRESSMAN ADAM SCHIFF SAID THE FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS ONCE HIS
FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS ONCE HIS COMMITTEE IS FORMALLY CONVENED
COMMITTEE IS FORMALLY CONVENED IS THAT THE VERY FIRST THING
IS THAT THE VERY FIRST THING THEY WILL DO IS VOTE TO SEND
THEY WILL DO IS VOTE TO SEND THESE TRANSCRIPTS OVER TO ROBERT
THESE TRANSCRIPTS OVER TO ROBERT MUELLER FOR HIS REVIEW.
MUELLER FOR HIS REVIEW. BUT IT WILL TAKE ABOUT THREE
BUT IT WILL TAKE ABOUT THREE DAYS AFTER THEY TAKE THE VOTE.
DAYS AFTER THEY TAKE THE VOTE. AND TICKTOCK, THEY CAN’T EVEN
AND TICKTOCK, THEY CAN’T EVEN TAKE THE VOTE YET.
TAKE THE VOTE YET. SO FAR, THEY CANNOT GET ANYWHERE
SO FAR, THEY CANNOT GET ANYWHERE NEAR THE FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS
NEAR THE FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS WHILE REPUBLICANS CONTINUE TO
WHILE REPUBLICANS CONTINUE TO DELAY SEATING THEIR MEMBERS.
DELAY SEATING THEIR MEMBERS. IF DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR OR
IF DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR OR ANYBODY ELSE WHO TESTIFIED TO
ANYBODY ELSE WHO TESTIFIED TO HOUSE INTELLIGENCE IS
HOUSE INTELLIGENCE IS POTENTIALLY IN LEGAL TROUBLE FOR
POTENTIALLY IN LEGAL TROUBLE FOR HAVING LIED TO THAT COMMITTEE,
HAVING LIED TO THAT COMMITTEE, THE WAY THAT ROGER STONE IS NOW
THE WAY THAT ROGER STONE IS NOW NO LEGAL TROUBLE, THE WAY
NO LEGAL TROUBLE, THE WAY MICHAEL COHEN IS IN LEGAL
MICHAEL COHEN IS IN LEGAL TROUBLE, HOUSE REPUBLICANS ARE
TROUBLE, HOUSE REPUBLICANS ARE EFFECTIVELY PROTECTING THOSE
EFFECTIVELY PROTECTING THOSE WITNESSES AS LONG AS THEY DON’T
WITNESSES AS LONG AS THEY DON’T SEAT THEIR MEMBERS ON THAT
SEAT THEIR MEMBERS ON THAT COMMITTEE SO THAT COMMITTEE
COMMITTEE SO THAT COMMITTEE CANNOT RELEASE ITS OFFICIAL
CANNOT RELEASE ITS OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPTS.
TRANSCRIPTS. I DON’T KNOW HOW LONG HOUSE
I DON’T KNOW HOW LONG HOUSE REPUBLICANS CAN KEEP THAT UP.
REPUBLICANS CAN KEEP THAT UP. BUT THEY ARE STRETCHING IT
BUT THEY ARE STRETCHING IT ALREADY.